Web Scraping Tools:
1. Utilize the requests library for web requests.
2.Use BeautifulSoup for parsing HTML content.

Pagination Handling:
1. Implement logic to navigate through multiple pages of listings if applicable.

Data Extraction:
1. Extract the required information accurately from the page's HTML structure.
2. Pay attention to the structure of both websites as they might differ, requiring different parsing logic.

Data Cleaning and Formatting:
1. Ensure the data is clean by stripping unnecessary whitespace and standardizing formats.

Output:
1. Save the scraped data into separate CSV files for each website.
2. Ensure the data is well-organized and readable.

Error Handling and Rate Limiting:
1. Implement robust error handling to manage network issues or changes in the website’s structure.
2. Respect the websites' robots.txt files and implement rate limiting to avoid sending too many requests in a short period.

Web Scraping Documentation

1. Overview
a.This repository contains Python scripts for scraping data from specified websites using web scraping tools like requests and BeautifulSoup The scraped data is then saved into separate CSV files for each website.

Instructions

1. Setup
a. Clone this repository to your local machine.
b. Install the required dependencies using pip:
	1. pip install requests beautifulsoup4

2. Running the Scripts
a.Navigate to the root directory of the repository.
b. Run the Python scripts using the following command: python script_name.py
c.The scraped data will be saved into separate CSV files in the same directory.

3. Assumptions
During the scraping process, the following assumptions were made:
a.The HTML structure of the websites remains consistent.
b.The websites do not require any authentication for accessing the data.
c. The data to be scraped is publicly available and does not violate any terms of service.

Ethical Consideration
Web scraping raises ethical considerations, and it's important to address them responsibly:

a. Respecting robots.txt: The scripts respect the robots.txt file of each website to ensure compliance with the website's guidelines.
b. Avoiding excessive server load: Rate limiting is implemented to prevent sending too many requests in a short period, reducing the risk of overloading the server.
c. Handling personal data responsibly: The scripts only scrape publicly available data and do not target or collect personal information of users.

Evaluation Criteria
The scripts will be evaluated based on the following criteria:

a. Accuracy: Correctness of the scraped data as per the requirements.
b. Code Quality: Clarity, structure, and adherence to best practices in Python.
c. Error Handling: Ability to handle potential errors gracefully.
d. Documentation: Completeness and clarity of the README file.
e. Ethical Web Scraping: Adherence to ethical guidelines and best practices in web scraping.